Principal, Back-End Developer
Job Description

Consults with internal business groups to provide high-level application software development services or technical support for backed features and components. Scaling the backend architecture and codebase to support growth.Provides comprehensive senior-level technical consulting to IT management and senior technical staffs. Evaluates compliance with the organization's technology standards. Programming well-designed, testable, efficient code. Analyze, design and develop tests and test-automation suites. Develop flowcharts, layouts and documentation to satisfy requirements and solutions. Maintain software functionality and currency (technical debt and gain). Actively participate in code reviews. Integrate software components into a fully functional software system. Apply security and privacy principles.Works with internal business groups on implementation opportunities, challenges, and requirements of various applications. Analyzes information and provides recommendations to address and resolve business issues for a specific business group.Guides and consults with IT management and technical staffs regarding use of emerging technologies and associated services.Participates in defining corporate implementation and integration strategies of new technologies. Active learning engagement. Complete all required mandatory training / policy awareness curricula on time. Use learning tools such as Pluralsight to complete both recommended and aspirational targets set in personal development plans. Stays abreast of emerging technologies.Advocates for innovative, creative technology solutions. Mentors junior level engineers.Prior experience with using a specific application development toolkit and knowledge of a backend development language required (i.e. C#, Java) S/he must have knowledge about the functions and features of modern and traditional structured methods for developing applications.Communications and organization skills; team work skills ; possess strong interpersonal skills to support mentoring.Contributes to the achievement of area objectivesMODIFIED BASED UPON LOCAL REGULATIONS/REQUIREMENTSBachelor's degree in computer science engineering or a related discipline, or equivalent work experience required9-11 years of experience in software development required; experience in the securities or financial services industry is a plus. Job holder must have understanding interdependencies and business impact of future IT plans. S/he must have prior lead experience selecting and implementing vendor-specific methodologies and prior consulting experience with structured methodologies. Extensive experience with developing and supporting backend environment required. Job holder must have broad experience with multi-platform development tools and toolkits.. BNY Mellon is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Minorities/Females/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veterans. Our ambition is to build the best global team – one that is representative and inclusive of the diverse talent, clients and communities we work with and serve – and to empower our team to do their best work. We support wellbeing and a balanced life, and offer a range of family-friendly, inclusive employment policies and employee forums.