Software Engineer-Cloud Back-End
Why PlayStation?

PlayStation isn’t just the Best Place to Play — it’s also the Best Place to Work. Today, we’re recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation®5, PlayStation®4, PlayStation®VR, PlayStation®Plus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.

PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.

The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.

Software Engineer – Cloud Back-End

Aliso Viejo, CA

As a part of Sony Interactive Entertainment, the Future Technology Group (FTG) team is leading the cloud gaming revolution, putting console-quality video games on any device!

As a Software Engineer on the Cloud Back-End Engineering team, you’ll play a key role in the design and development of server-side applications for cloud automation on a large geographically distributed infrastructure.

Responsibilities:
Implementation of features in distributed back-end systems
Design, implement, and operate critical and scalable services – such as resource allocation, live streaming, and low-latency processing
Enjoy taking full ownership of projects and features from conception to production
Appropriately test, and debug your work, striving for high quality
Communicate estimates, schedules, issues and dependencies to technical or project lead
Define and craft integration tests with Test Engineering
Continually bring new ideas and insights about technology to the team
Mentor other team members on standard development methodologies
Advocates software craftsmanship and takes pride in their work
Passionate about establishing relationships with other CGEI teams to help improve development processes and eliminate inefficiencies

Requirements:
BS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience
2 – 4 years of relevant development experience

Skills & Knowledge:
2 – 4 years of experience with Java or Golang required
Knowledge in NoSQL, Docker, Kubernetes, Prometheus, Consul, ElasticSearch, Kibana, and other CNCF technologies
Skilled in designing microservices
Strong understanding of concepts such as concurrency, parallelism, and event driven architecture
Knowledge of Web technologies including REST, JSON, gRPC, and WebSockets
Thrives in an environment with lots of high-level context and minimal guidance
Strong understanding of the operational aspects of your team’s systems and actively participate in incident response

Additional Attributes:
Familiar with Agile development concepts
Familiar with AWS technologies such as S3, SQS, etc
Enjoys working in a fast-paced environment
Strong communication and documentation skills
Accountability
Contribution to the open-source community (blogs, source code, etc)

Equal Opportunity Statement:

Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.

We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.

PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.