Back End Developer
Senior Software Engineer, Backend
Payments FinTech
US (Remote)

This VC-backed Series B Payment’s FinTech are on a mission to help working Americans grow financially through their free and transparent payments acceleration service. They have grown their team YoY by 60% since launching back in 2019 and are now looking for a Senior Backend Engineer to join them on this high-growth journey following their recent funding round of $38M. If you are a Backend focussed software engineer looking for a new and exciting opportunity with quick career progression, then this is for you!

Responsibilities
Design, build and maintain APIs, services, and systems across the full product suite.
Implement various product and infrastructure features in the backend systems.
Be a key contributor to architectural decisions
Integrate with various external and internal systems and manage complex customer and money flows.
Make payments more reliable, reduce transaction costs for everyone
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to deliver the best experience for their customers

About You
3+ years of experience writing high-quality, production code in a programming language (e.g., Python, Ruby, Scala, Go, JavaScript) with scalable backend systems.
Experience designing and supporting customer facing RESTful APIs.
Thrives working in a rapidly changing, fast-moving start-up environment.
Delivered complex projects involving multiple teams and/or engineers.
Strong desire to learn and grow while holding yourself and your teammates to a high bar.
Strong sense of ownership and enjoy working on projects end-to-end.
BSc in Computer Science or equivalent related degree

Why Apply?
A chance to join a high-growth FinTech offering fast progression
Generous compensation offered for all US and Canadian based employees.
Remote working
Unlimited PTO days and 401(K) match.

If this opportunity is of interest to you, then please apply using the “easy apply” button above and I will be in touch.

If you're looking for a role and do not feel this one suits what you are looking for, please reach out to me at jbruce@space-exec.com with an updated CV to discuss your next step in further detail.