Software Engineer, Full Stack (Remote)
About NEXT

NEXT was founded with a vision to implement solutions and bring change to a fragmented industry. As a FreightTech pioneer, we are designing technology-driven solutions to transform the $800B U.S. shipping & trucking industry. Our platform connects shippers with freight capacity for every step of a shipment’s journey.

Headquartered in “Silicon Beach” El Segundo, CA -- NEXT is a company driven by a commitment to provide world-class service to shippers and truckers alike. We’re on a mission to solve a trillion dollar puzzle and make freight painless.

Armed with experienced professionals from Google, Amazon, Salesforce and Twilio, NEXT is seeking change agents who are excited to make a meaningful impact on an industry driving the U.S. economy. We have been recognized as one of Built in LA’s Best Small Companies to Work For and 50 Startups to Watch. NEXT is venture-backed by leaders such as Brookfield Ventures, GLP and Sequoia Capital.

Are you NEXT?

About The Role

To support our goals we are building out new product focused application development teams. These teams will help inform the road-map in their area of ownership and own the technical output. We expect our engineers to have empathy for our user base and be able to collaborate with their peers across the organization including product and operations.

As a full stack engineer on the team you will apply your craft to help grow the business and improve the end user experience. Hopefully, you are up for the challenges of greenfield development.

If you are a humble, passionate, collaborative, entrepreneurial type who thrives in a dynamic and fast growing tech company, and want to work with a team from some of the world's top tech and freight companies as we revolutionize the $800B trucking industry - come join the movement.

We have big ambitions, the capital, the mandate, and (with your help) the means to accomplish them.

Our technology stack: react (native) & redux, java & spring, kubernetes, docker, terraform, and the AWS Acronym soup, kafka

What You'll Do
Design and build MVP's to validate ideas quickly
Build out solutions that merit deeper investments
Produce technical designs for larger initiatives
Collaborate with product to help craft the technical road-map
Level up your peers and junior members of the team
Provide insights and guidance on initiatives
What You'll Need to Have:
2+ years of full stack production engineering experience
BS Degree in Computer Science or related field; or equivalent professional experience
Be motivated by time sensitive opportunities and project ownership
What You'll Receive:
Competitive Base Salary + Equity
Full Medical, Dental and Vision Benefits
401K w/ company match
Vacation and Holidays
Fun perks: open office, dog-friendly, unlimited snacks, and monthly catered lunches!
Join a rapidly growing technology company disrupting the trucking industry