Sr. to Lead Front End Engineer - Hypergrowth Crypto Startup
Dice is the leading career destination for tech experts at every stage of their careers. Our client, Skyrocket Ventures, is seeking the following. Apply via Dice today!

Skyrocket Ventures is a recruiting firm for hundreds of high growth technology companies that range from industry leaders to top-tier startups. This opportunity is with one of our client companies for a full-time permanent hire. Please only apply if you are authorized to work in the U.S.

Please note that even if this job is not a perfect match, we encourage you to apply as long as it is in the ballpark. Companies are often flexible in hiring candidates who do not perfectly fit their written job description, as long as the most important qualifications are there and the candidate is good in general.

Most of the jobs we are recruiting for are not posted online, so if you would like to know of all the opportunities we have that match your interests and qualifications, then please get in touch with us.

After you apply to this job posting, we ll consider you for this job as well as any other potential matches with our client companies. If we have any potential matches, we ll share your resume with those companies and contact you about any interview opportunities we can get you.

Thank you!

Matthew Strassberg

Recruiting Director

Skyrocket Ventures

Feel free to check out testimonials from some of our many candidates/clients here:

http://www.linkedin.com/in/mstrassberg 

Sr. to Lead Front End Engineer - Hypergrowth Crypto Startup

Location: San Francisco or Remote

The company's team includes some of the biggest names in the fintech, blockchain and cryptocurrency realm. The founding team includes payments domain experts, the Cofounder of a highly valued cryptocurrency, world-class cryptography theorists, and well-known cryptocurrency investors. One of the founders has founded 2 companies that are valued at over $1 billion, including a rapidly growing fintech unicorn that was recently valued at over $10 billion dollars.

The company's product is in the realms of consumer fintech, web and mobile, payments, blockchain and cryptocurrency.

The company has raised about $80 million in funding. They are backed by some of the top investors in the space, as well as the founder of a tech company that is valued at over $50 billion.

The company has about 55 employees and 15 engineers (both are about double what they were 1 year ago). The company plans to hire 20-30 engineers in the next 18 months.

In addition to competitive salary, the company is offering significant equity in the company which would translate into tokens of their cryptocurrency which could be highly lucrative.

Job Responsibilities:
Primarily using React and React Native, focusing on the UI of the company's mobile and web applications.
Implementing initial prototypes and proofs of concept, and taking them all the way to production code interfacing with millions of users.
Working with a large degree of autonomy and heavy impact on the product roadmap.
Shipping prototype as well as slick production versions of various products features.

Qualifications:
Solid xperience building and maintaining high performance web applications targeting both desktop and mobile using HTML5, CSS3, and client-side JavaScript
Experience with at least one modern JavaScript framework such as React, Angular, etc.
Strong Attention to detail, especially around the user experience. The application needs to work smoothly under all conditions in order to establish user trust
Passion for providing the best possible experience to users through every interaction. Strong empathy for users and desire to ensure their needs are met as effectively as possible
Solid understanding of security and privacy, awareness of the privacy implications of systems, and ability to preserve privacy wherever possible
Great communication skills. Ability to explain exactly what your code does to colleagues whether in engineering, sales, or executive leadership
Passion for disrupting technology and making a difference
Creativity and ability to generate new and innovative approaches to solving problems
Tenacity and desire to go the distance to get things done right

Did you like this job or want to see more? All of our online job postings can be found on these sites:

https://www.dice.com/company/10366547 

https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/skyrocket-ventures-jobs 

Follow us on Instagram here:

https://www.instagram.com/skyrocketventures 

Follow us on LinkedIn here:

https://www.linkedin.com/company/skyrocket-ventures 
provided by Dice