Global B2B IT Marketing Technologist
Job Description

You’re raising the stakes for your career to do more. Learn more. Impact more. Here, your innovation, ideas, and technical curiosity will help us deliver better care for billions of people worldwide. You’ll put your professional expertise, talent, and drive to work by building and managing the technology behind our portfolio of iconic brands.

Global KCP Digital Technology Solutions (DTS) is a dynamic, innovative team of multi-dimensional professionals who deeply understand how to generate business value through results-driven services delivery for K-C’s business stakeholders. As part of this team, the Global B2B IT Marketing Technologist will be a major influencer of product vision and strategy. Success is measured by the ability to strategically plan, design, and deliver configurable, scalable, and extensible digital solutions that drive business and customer value.

Scope/Categories

We’re after a well rounded candidate that has experience with the entire Martech Stack and is eager to elevate B2B enterprises and take the Kimberly-Clark Professional organization on a transformational journey. This role is a hybrid of business process and technology engineering that focuses on the B2B marketing and interdependencies with other functions. The types of business processes that are primarily, but not limited to Customer Data Platforms, Master Data Management, Content Management Frameworks, Marketing Automation, Demand Generation, CRM, Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, Brand Management, and orchestration of the customer experience. A Technology Strategist is both "a business expert that understands and can apply engineering" and "an engineer that understands how to apply engineered systems to the business.

We're looking for candidates with implementation expertise in one or any combination of the following: Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Salesforce CRM, Terminus or similar, Sitecore XP, CMP, MediaBeacon, Google Analytics, SAP MDM, Stibo PIM, MediaBeacon DAM, Pardot, Snowflake, MS Azure Cloud Services.

Key Interfaces

You'll report into the Global B2B IT and will interface with Global Customer Experience and Marketing Team, Marketing Regional teams, Sales Regional Teams, IT delivery engines, data & analytics teams, external delivery partners, and software vendors.

Key Accountabilities
Create and nurture IT partnerships to maximize value and efficiency across the business and improve collaboration between the business and engineering/technical teams
Drive solutioning across the marketing technology ecosystem to drive faster and integrated solutions and operational efficiency to support commercial growth for the business
Solve for IT challenges, innovations, and spending projections to help optimize the enterprise infrastructure which supports global business operations and commercial growth
Drive program/portfolio management across engineering teams in alignment with global/Center of Excellence team and business stakeholders
Analyze and drive opportunities to solve for lowering technical debt, cost savings, improve engineering process methodologies to help collaboration on application/enterprise strategy
Lead programs and application management through meeting data privacy and cyber security and assurance standards
Direct value-based budgeting for strategic projects, enterprise application licensing & scalability, engineering team resourcing requirements to drive global business operations and commercial growth
Develop priority matrix to drive data-based and value-based project prioritization and product management between global product managers, product owners and engineering teams.
Serve as global stakeholder to business stakeholders on technical/engineering initiatives, updates and innovations in enterprise applications which support global business operations and commercial growth
Nurture cross-functional collaboration and transparency across business stakeholders and engineering teams to drive efficiency in agile product management/SDLC
Required Qualifications
Bachelor's degree, ideally in Information Technology, Marketing, or related discipline
7+ years of proven B2B marketing experience, preferably with industries in manufacturing or high-tech
Proven experience of Web (Sitecore XP), Content Management (Sitecore CMP, Stibo PIM, MediaBeacon DAM), CRM (Salesforce.com), eCommerce (Magento and/or Salesforce Commerce Cloud), Demand Generation (Pardot, Terminus or similar, CRM), Analytics (Google Analytics, Snowflake, MS Azure Services)
Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills and the ability to interact effectively at all levels
Prefers to work independently with occasional guidance and support
Demonstrated ability to influence many stakeholders across the organization, without direct authority
Driven and highly organized with excellent time-management skills, strong business ethics
About Us

Huggies®. Kleenex®. Cottonelle®. Scott®. Kotex®. Poise®. Depend®. 25% of people in the world use Kimberly-Clark products every day, and it takes the best people to make that happen.

We’re founded on 150 years of market leadership, and we’re always looking for new and better ways to perform, especially when it comes to product and process innovation. Our customers are always looking for new and better. Our competitors won’t stop evolving. And our communities demand responsible corporate practices. We need bold, transformative ideas from people who can turn them into reality. That means there’s no time like the present to make an impact at Kimberly-Clark. It’s all here for you at Kimberly-Clark.

About You

You were made to do this work: designing new technologies, diving into data, optimizing digital experiences, and constantly developing better, faster ways to get results. You want to be part of a performance culture dedicated to building technology for a purpose that matters. You want to work in an environment that promotes sustainability, inclusion, wellbeing, and career development.

You love what you do, especially when your work makes a difference. At Kimberly-Clark, we’re constantly exploring new ideas on how, when, and where we can best achieve results. When you join our team, you’ll experience Flex That Works: flexible (hybrid) work arrangements that empower you to have purposeful time in the office and partner with your leader to make flexibility work for both you and the business.

We always ask, “How can we improve this?” and we’re looking for like-minded people. This is one business that’s not chained to the status quo. “Good enough” isn’t good enough here. We stay ahead by keeping on top of trends, recognizing market gaps and looking to fill those gaps in ways that give us an advantage. In our diverse workforce, we encourage and guide each other to explore new ground, glad for the unique perspectives and skills every person brings. Join us in our rewarding and profitable journey.

Total Benefits

Here are a few of the benefits you’d enjoy. For a complete overview, see www.mykcbenefits.com.

Great support for good health with medical, dental, and vision coverage options. No waiting periods or pre-existing condition restrictions. Access to an on-site fitness center, occupational health nurse, and allowances for high-quality safety equipment.

Flexible Savings and spending accounts to maximize health care options and stretch dollars when caring for yourself or dependents.

Diverse income protection insurance options to protect yourself and your family in case of illness, injury, or other unexpected events.

Additional programs and support to continue your education, adopt a child, relocate, or even find temporary childcare.

To Be Considered

Click the Apply button and complete the online application process. A member of our recruiting team will review your application and follow up if you seem like a great fit for this role.

In the meantime, check out the careers website. You’ll want to review this and come prepared with relevant questions if and when you pass GO and begin interviews.

And finally, the fine print…

For Kimberly-Clark to grow and prosper, we must be an inclusive organization that applies the diverse experiences and passions of its team members to brands that make life better for people all around the world. We actively seek to build a workforce that reflects the experiences of our consumers. When you bring your original thinking to Kimberly-Clark, you fuel the continued success of our enterprise. We are a committed equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, pregnancy, genetic information, citizenship status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

The statements above are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by employees assigned to this classification. Statements are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities and skills required for this position.

K-C requires that an employee have authorization to work in the country in which the role is based. In the event an applicant does not have current work authorization, K-C will determine, in its sole discretion, whether to sponsor an individual for work authorization. However, based on immigration requirements, not all roles are suitable for sponsorship. This position is subject to drug and alcohol testing, including pre-employment testing.

Global VISA and Relocation Specifications:

Primary Location

USA-GA-Atlanta-Roswell

Additional Locations

USA-IL-Chicago, USA-TN-Knoxville, USA-TX-Dallas, USA-WI-Neenah

Worker Type

Employee

Worker Sub-Type

Regular

Time Type

Full time
