Sr. IT Business Lead - Sales & Marketing (Remote)

Job Details 

What you will do

Work closely with the BSNA (Building Solutions N America) Sales and Marketing functions to elicit, define, and document their business needs and then interpret them to the Program/Project team to ensure comprehension and adherence to all standards and processes. 

Coordinate with other project teams to ensure that interdependencies are defined and resolved. Ensure the right information is identified at the appropriate level of detail to assist in analysis of the business as well as to ensure the solution enables modes of accessing and analyzing data and/or requested functionality that are most conducive to fulfilling the objectives of the business.

How you will do it

Serve as IT Lead for the Sales and Marketing functions of the $9B BSNA Installation & Service business

Apply deep analytical skills of the objectives, processes, and technologies of Sales and Marketing to support creation of IT investment proposals.

Communicate regularly with business stakeholders, IT leaders, and relevant Steering Committees to capture incoming demand for IT investments to enable business objectives.

Define and prioritize demand with business stakeholders

Act as an IT functional Subject Matter Expert (SME) to dependent teams, efforts and functions.

Lead the creation of process models with the intent to advise how to “IT-enable” process improvement efforts.

Support the ideation and high-level planning of IT projects including specification of high-level business requirements, formulation of business process and technology solution options, creation and vetting of business cases, and high-level project planning (scope, schedule, & budget).

Support process standardization and simplification improvements to enable Tyco-wide leveraging and streamlining of the IT applications landscape.

Ensure IT functional team deliverables are aligned to business priorities & objectives.

Support solution design and testing activities, assess overall quality of solution and fit with business capability needs, ensure go-live readiness of Business and IT communities, and measure business results after solution stabilization.

Champion, guide & support cross functional teams with IT investment benefits analysis activities.

Provide functional support to the application users, including training.



What we look for 

Bachelor’s degree in Business or IT related area

10 years of overall experience, including 6 years in Sales and/or Digital Marketing or Web (non-IT) and 3-5 years in IT business analysis and direct-line stakeholder engagement

Working knowledge of Sales and Marketing business processes and practices including buyers’ journey, campaign & lead management, prospect & opportunity management, account & contact management, quoting processes including understanding of product & pricing management and Sales Support operations, CRM integration, SEO/SEM, Analytics, Web Design including Responsive, UX/UI, lead generation, sales demand funnel, eCommerce, Marketing Automation, Partner Integration, Domain Name Management, Voice of the Customer (VOC), and sales incentive compensation management

Working knowledge of Sales CRM on-premise and cloud technologies including Siebel Sales 8.x, Salesforce.com; Mobile technologies for implementing Sales processes including SalesForce1; Data integration technologies including Web Services, Sitecore Content Management, basic understanding of relational database concepts; Content Management Tools/Applications, and Marketing automation platforms such as Eloqua and Pardot

Experience in the area of Incentive Compensation – Oracle-based Incentive Compensation tools and Callidus are highly preferred

Exceptional verbal and written communication, collaboration, negotiation, influential leadership, innovative thinking and relationship-building skills with Business and IT stakeholders, customers, and suppliers in a highly matrix environment.

This position may require domestic and travel up to 25% of the time in the future

Where legally permissible, if hired, candidate is required to be fully vaccinated against Covid-19 no later than his/her start date, unless candidate has a valid medical condition or sincerely held religious belief precluding he/she from receiving the vaccine



Johnson Controls International plc. is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a qualified individual with a disability or any other characteristic protected by law. To view more information about your equal opportunity and non-discrimination rights as a candidate, visit EEO is the Law. If you are an individual with a disability and you require an accommodation during the application process, please visit here.