IT Business Relationship Manager- Marketing
Sr. IT BRM – Digital Marketing Information Technology 

As a Sr. Business Relationship Manager (BRM) you will establish and maintain a strategic relationship with our North American Integrated Marketing function, defining IT strategy and delivering solutions that enable the function to meet its goals.

Join our dynamic, progressive team of IT professionals in an environment where you can learn, grow, and create innovative technology solutions to help our business flourish. Become a part of our rich heritage that has grown from a small family business to a global organization with a presence in over 180 countries. At the heart of the Kellogg Company is technology — a key enabler of how we market, sell and manufacture our well-known and beloved brands to consumers around the globe.

HERE’S A TASTE OF WHAT YOU’LL BE DOING 

Partner with IT and the Integrated Marketing Function - This critical role will be the IT Business Analyst for all Digital Marketing technology solutions for our Integrated Marketing function. In this role, you will be working closely with Marketing leadership and key stakeholders across the organization in designing and delivering Digital Marketing technology capabilities, focused on delivering an omni-channel data driven experience. In addition, the selected candidate will driving projects, roadmaps, strategy and total cost of ownership.

Business Case Development - Works with business teams to understand project requirements, shapes the initial project request, and provides a high-level estimate of the project effort and cost used in cost-benefit analysis. Plan expenditures based on the size, scope, and cost of hardware and software components. Reviews and evaluates business cases to confirm identified financials and risks, validate value and business alignment, and recommend a course of action.

Full-Funnel Marketing IT Projects - You’ll deliver on the DMIT technology platform strategy by providing leadership to our project teams, driving the successful delivery of Full-Funnel Digital Marketing capabilities within the North American Marketing function. You will manage Marketing platform(s) from an IT product perspective including vendor relationships, planning upgrades, support models, and ensuring that total cost of ownership is managed and optimized effectively as the platform(s) evolves.

Vendor Management & Support - Owning and/or influencing relationships with key vendors, representing Kellogg on customer advisory boards and influencing vendor application roadmaps. Working with the Kellogg support organization in transitioning new products/services, defining SLAs, and in developing continuous improvement plans. Developing strong expertise in Digital Marketing technology related systems and solutions in and out of Kellogg.

YOUR RECIPE FOR SUCCESS 

Required
Bachelors or Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration, or related field, or equivalent work experience.
Strong experience in managing and delivering full-funnel digital marketing technologies (Adobe (AEM, Assets, Target, Analytics, Campaign), SAP CDC, Epsilon, Sprinklr)
Strong experience is delivering data-driven marketing solutions (audiences & insights, consumer journeys, measurement & optimization)
Knowledge in marketing data clean-room processes and technology
Past experience as owner of marketing technology or process.
Experience implementing and working with industry leading marketing platforms
Experience managing a product line and clearly articulating total cost of ownership to leadership
Strong analytical, project management and team leadership skills
Strong background in systems/software development lifecycle
Ability to identify and effectively resolve issues
Excellent written and verbal communications 
Bonus Points
Foundational knowledge of data classification and data privacy, regulatory bodies and compliance needs across the globe. 
What’s Next

It’s best to apply today, because job postings can be taken down and we wouldn’t want you to miss this opportunity. To learn more about what’s next, click on the links below:
Kellogg K-Values
New Hire Benefits Guide 
THE FINER PRINT 

The ability to work a full shift, come to work on time, work overtime as needed and the ability to work according to the necessary schedule to meet job requirements with or without reasonable accommodation is an essential function of this position.

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, disability, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, sexual orientation, age, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Where required by state law and/or city ordinance; this employer will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. For additional information, please follow this Link .

If you require reasonable accommodation in completing this application, please reach out to USA.Recruitment@kellogg.com

LET’S CREATE THE FUTURE OF FOOD

Kellogg Recruitment