Program Manager, Verily IT Marketing
Verily is an Alphabet company combining a data-driven, people-first approach to bring the promise of precision health to everyone, every day.

Our team combines expertise in healthcare, data science and technology to improve the health and well-being of our communities. We are developing the infrastructure and solutions to harness the profusion of health information for good. Our data-driven solutions span three primary areas: research, care and innovation. Programs include Project Baseline - our research initiative to increase participation and evidence generation in clinical research; Onduo - our personalized virtual care platform, which includes connected tools, lifestyle coaching and clinical support; and Debug - our effort to reduce the threat of mosquito-borne diseases by combining machine learning with sterile insect technique. We’re also actively working to combat the spread of COVID-19 through new programs like Healthy at Work.

Description

Verily’s IT PMO plays a highly cross-functional, critical role as the driving force behind the success of every project or program we seek to accomplish. In addition to leading business and technical teams to successfully land projects for IT, you will be helping Verily IT to build and establish our PMO.

Responsibilities
Partner with core team members (Business Relationship Managers, Technical Leads, Subject Matter Experts and our internal customers) and provide project management support to develop, coordinate, align and facilitate short-term and long-term/multi-year plans.
Initiate projects aligned with how IT prioritizes work and be the catalyst for winning support and driving them through the execution phase with suitable monitoring and reporting.
Synthesize and simplify complex problems and systems with broad scope; organize information regarding multiple functions, projects and tasks while navigating ambiguity; and parse and organize conflicting requirements and priorities across teams.
Assess current-state process gaps, make recommendations for improved workflows and collaborate with working groups to document to-be processes.
Use excellent communication skills and proactive behavior to inform, escalate, influence, build consensus and drive change management across stakeholders. 
Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:
BS Degree.
6+ years project management experience with knowledge of common technical and business operations, and program management methodologies (e.g., ITIL, PMP, Six Sigma).
Collaborative cross-functional team facilitation and negotiation skills using excellent presentation and interpersonal communication skills that generate respect and trust from stakeholders.
Risk assessment and dependency management.
Passion for organization and establishing processes, but finds the right balance to be efficient.
Preferred Qualifications
IT budget management.
Vendor management/vendor operations.
Experience in Marketing Tech is highly desirable
Experience in the use and customization of project and/or service management tools.
Technical acumen