Junior Software Engineer Resume Example (Full Text Version)
Scott Sanderson
Address: 99999, Princeton Junction
Email address: hello@kickresume.com
Phone number: 999-999-999
Education
08/2015 - present, Electrical Engineering, 3.56, Tufts University, Medford, MA
School of Engineering Dean's List: All semesters

Relevant Coursework:

DIGITAL: Advanced Digital Logic Design, Microprocessors, Computer Architecture
SOFTWARE: Data Structures, C++ and MATLAB Programming
SIGNALS: Communications Systems, Digital Signal Processing, Controls Systems
AUDIO: Computer Tools for Musicians, Music Recording and Production
MANAGEMENT: Engineering Management, Engineering Leadership and Ethics
Campus Involvement
Music Events Technical Staff, Tufts University Music Department
Manage live sound and post-production for concerts in Tufts’ Distler Auditorium and other venues, learning advanced practices concerning theater system layout,

editing software and use of live sound equipment.

Co-President, IEEE Tufts Student Chapter
Plan events to foster community in the Tufts School of Engineering, e.g. soldering/maker workshops, company site visits, a group visit to the Museum of Science, and presentations from speakers in industry.

Tenor II, 2016-17 Historian, Tufts Beelzebubs
Member of Tufts’ oldest a cappella group, performing over fifty sets per year for school concerts, charity shows and corporate events. Featured on the Bubs' current single, "Who Do You Love," with over 1 million plays on Spotify.

Support Staff, Leader, Freshman Orientation CommUnity Service (FOCUS)
Led first-years on a five-day service trip in the Greater Boston area, visiting sites including Outside the Lines, a special needs arts studio in Medford, and Spontaneous Celebrations, a community arts center in Jamaica Plain.

Skills
Hardware and Software
Digital Design (VHDL)
Electronic Hardware
Python
C++
Audio Engineering
MATLAB
Git
Work experience
05/2018 - 08/2018, Embedded Software Intern, MITRE Corporation, Bedford, MA
Assisted the Position, Navigation and Timing (PNT) team on software and scripting tasks in Python and C++ relating to GPS/GNSS testing and navigation solutions.
Developed interface software for off-the-shelf aviation PNT data cards.
Supported integration of FPGA-based inertial tester unit.
Won 1st place awards in Intern VHF Antenna Challenge and 3D Printing Design Challenge.
05/2017 - 03/2018, Electrical Engineering Intern, United Technologies Aerospace Systems, Westford, MA
Led an FPGA project through the full development cycle, from requirements capture to Xilinx FPGA implementation and integration into a product.
Developed finite state machines in VHDL to sync, parse and transmit gyroscope data via SPI-like interface.
Supported various side projects, including Xilinx Vivado (TCL) and MATLAB scripting, and process documentation in Visio.
06/2016 - 08/2016, Technician and Testing Intern, Skylink Technology, Hamilton, NJ
Assembled and wired satellite tester chassis, cables and front panels according to schematics.
Set up LAN by which individual chassis communicate for test and debug.
Tested chassis functionality using LabVIEW machines and debugged C++ MPU code.