Mobile Software Engineer Resume Example (Full Text Version)
Louis Oosthuizen
Address: 99999, Paris, France
Nationality: Italian
Date of birth: 1999-19-09
Email address: hello@kickresume.com
Phone number: 999-999-999
Web: www.kickresume.com
Profile
Aiming to become a fully Independent Android developer - I built apps with more than half million users.

Work experience
10/2016 - present, Mobile App Developer, Indipendent, Milan, Italy
Desing, Build and Market of Mobile Apps:

Understand how develop new ideas, make concrete through programming and reach big audience thanks digital marketing.

I published 3 applications on the play store.
More than half million total downloads and 5'000 users per day.
High users satisfaction: 4,7/5 rating after 6'000 reviews.
Language used: Java for Android and Swift for Apple.
07/2018 - present, Cyber Security Consultant, AKKA Technologies, Paris, France
C# & Python for the course <Offensive Coding>
Development and Analysis of Honeypot (T-pot - ELK Stack)
Hacking challenge: CTF, HackTheBox, Root.me
Formation for the CEH Certification
Build a Pentest Lab - AKKA Cyber Security Firing range
Tools: Docker, pfSense, Google Cloud Platform, Ansible.

06/2018 - 07/2018, IT Consultant, The AKKAdemy, Geneva, Switzerland
Explore cutting edge technologies, as well as leading and innovative IT industries.
Expand the Project Management and Engineering Consultant skills through team workshops.
08/2017 - 06/2018, System Administrator, 4ward S.p.A., Milan, Italy
SysAdmin @ ENGIE S.p.A. (a client of my company)

For satisfy the client needs I studied for the MCSA Win Server 2016: Creation of VM, Server roles configuration.
Powershell programming of admin tasks.
Administration & Troubleshooting on Active Directory, SCCM and FS access.
10/2013 - 10/2015, IT Technical Consultant (Help Desk Tier 2), Present S.p.A., Milan, Italy
IT Technical Consultant @ EDISON S.p.A. (a client of my company)

Administration of the antivirus clients with McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator.
On-site and remote Software/Network/OS Troubleshooting -more countries-
Configuration of the pc's using master images.​
I managed the international/​national video conference of the company.
Education
2015 - 2016, Security Systems and Computer Networks, University of Milan, Crema, Italy
Security, privacy and intrusion prevention.
Analysis, Design and management of enterprise information systems.​​
2013, Computer Science, ITIS Marie Curie, Milan, Italy
Fundamentals of Computer Science
Networks and Database
Programming Languages (Java, C, PHP, VB6)
Job-related skills
Good knowledge of the following programming language: Java, C#, VB.NET, Python.
Software used for develop: Android Studio, XCode, Google Developers Console, Firebase, Analytics, Search Console, ​Facebook Developers Console, AdSense,​ Admob.
Powershell programming for the scripting of various admin activities.
Outstanding ​Software/Network/Hardware troubleshooting and ​problem solving skills developed while working as Technical Consultant.
Solid knowledge of the System Infrastructure and the Network devices ​of an Enterprise (proxy,firewall -ACL-,router,domains, ISO/OSI model and various protocols DHCP/DNS...).​
Good knowledge of the Virtualization software as HyperV, Docker, VMware.
Usage of the main server roles, Active Directory, SCCM console and McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator.
Design, manage, wiring ​and monitoring small LAN​ (Wireshark, Nmap, Metasploit).
Perfect knowledge​ of the Computer's Hardware / Ability to build one from scratch.
Excellent mastery of the Windows and Linux (Kali/Debian/Ubuntu) O.S.
Organisational / Communication skills
Project Management and Presentation skill developed through team workshops while I worked in Geneva.
Team work, communicate effectively and work together to achieve a common goal. I acquired these ​skills in the professional environment thanks to the continued relationship with users / technical teams from other areas.​
Ability to plan, schedule and handle​ the work-load mastered using the ticketing service system.
Skills
Languages
Italian
English
French
Programming Languages
Java
VB.NET
Python
Additional Education
06/2015 - 09/2015, Knowing and Grow the Enterprise, SDA Bocconi, Milan
Free training course of Strategy and Finance for managers and entrepreneurs of the future​

Knowing the company​ (9 - 25 June 2015​)
Innovate and grow the enterprise​ (2 July - 22 September ​2015​)
http://www.sdabocconi.it/it/sito/sda-bocconi-growth-2015

11/2018 - present, IT Online Courses, Udemy
CompTIA Cybersecurity Analyst CySA+ (CSA+) - Exam Preparation Course
Agile Crash Course: Agile Project Management; Agile Delivery
Docker Mastery: The Complete Toolset
Use Wireshark like a pro
Hobbies
Traveling
Parkour & Acrobatic Gymnastics
Mobile App Development
Technology Addicted