Software Engineering Manager Resume Sample (Full Text Version)
GARY DOWSETT
E-mail: hello@kickresume.com
Telefón: 555-555-5555
PROFESSION PROFILE
Relentless problem solver applying analytical, design, and technical skills to supervise entire software development lifecycle. Effective hands-on leader with outstanding success in developing applications to analyze sales growth and marketing strategy for established and start-up firms. Well recognized for strong leadership and project management abilities while leading cross-functional teams in fast-paced, competitive work environments. History of effective systems engineering in Client/Server/Web/ Enterprise software and SaaS/SOA development.

Core Qualifications:

Proven leadership characteristics and have successfully managed high performing software engineering teams in an Agile environment.
Solid experience in software engineering using multiple languages, frameworks.
High degree of confidence and ability to influence others through strong communication skills.
Motivation to explore new technologies, to learn, and to overcome unique challenges.
Curiosity of open source frameworks/packages.
WORK EXPERIENCE
09/2014 - 08/2019, Software Engineering Manager, Soft Tech, Zurich, Switzerland
Key Contributions:

Improved business operations by providing merchants with detailed root-cause analyses of pricing related issues.
Coordinated the product roadmap between the full site and mobile applications to improve quality, consistency, and client satisfaction.
Ensured compliance with the established software development methodology and Software Development Life Cycle (SLDC) for these projects.
Conducted application code reviews to ensure compliance with application development best practices.
Implemented well-architected, well-documented, high-quality code at a fast pace.
Interacted with stakeholders throughout the Engineering department.
03/2006 - 02/2014, Software Engineering Manager, DISH Network, Munich, Germany
Key Contributions:

Dramatically improved reliability and capacity of the image processing system, from 110,000 assets per day to eight million, reducing the six-week manual process to one day, through a redesign.
Delivered all projects on time and within forecasted budgets.
Proven record of recruiting, developing, and retaining great talent, building world-class development teams.
Managed a team of 20 engineers and was responsible for their mentorship, growth, performance evaluation and job satisfaction.
Provided Assistance to teams in Release Scoring: Adherence to timelines, unit tests, and scope.
Led organizational changes that allow your teams to deliver better quality at a faster rate.
EDUCATION
09/2001 - 06/2002, Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Munich University, Munich, Germany
Top 5% of Class.

PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES
Basic C
C++
PHP
Oracle Reports
SQL
JavaScript
Agile
Sharepoint
SSIS
Cognos
SKILLS
Languages
German
English
Interpersonal Skills
Accuracy
Communication Skills
Detail-oriented
Multitasking
Problem-solving
Teamwork
Time Management