IBM Software Engineer Resume Example (Full Text Version)
Mohamed Rahman
Address: Street Kafr - El-Abed - Defino, Fayoum, Egypt
Nationality: Egyptian
Date of birth: 1998-08-11
Email address: hello@kickresume.com
Phone number: contact hidden
Work experience
06/2015 - 09/2015, Security, Vodafon Egypt, Fayoum, Egypt
Over see the implementation and management of security policy. Management and implementation of diverse security processes and controls to safeguard the banks' diverse information assets. Worked on automating of vulnerability assessment framework for network device configurations. Web Application security Testing. Network Penetration Testing. Security officer at Vodafone branch Itsa.

Achievements
4th position in the third grade preparatory.

3 certificates in french language proficiency.

Certificate of english language proficiency.

Certificate of appreciation in computer.

Certificate of appreciation in chemistry.

Completion of the course C++.

Completion course the Internet of Things.

Certificate of Google Cloud Platform.

Strengths
Computer Skills
Loyalty
Accuracy
Communication
Problem Solving
Team Work
Interpersonal Skills
Education
09/2010 - 06/2013, Preparatory, Hassan Idris Preparatory School, Fayoum, Egypt
Holds the preparatory certificate at a rate of 90%.

09/2013 - 07/2016, Scientific mathematics, Itsa Secondary School, Fayoum, Egypt
Holds a secondary certificate with an average of 91.7%.

Volunteering
01/2016 - present, volunteer, Orphan Care Association, Fayoum, Egypt
Volunteer to the Orphans Welfare Association.

04/2017 - present, Translator, Coursera, Fayoum, Egypt
Translator at " Global Translator Community " at Coursera.

Skills
Languages
Arabic
English
French
Hobbies
Read books and novels
Playing Football
Volunteer work
use the computer
Listening to music
Cycling
My typical day
Programming - 30%
Sport - 25%
Cooking - 10%
Friend & family - 20%
Reasting & reading - 15%
Objective
My name is Mohamed Arafa and I am a first year student at the Faculty of Computer and Information, Fayoum University, Egypt. Since I was a child, I had a dream to become a software engineer. I love mathematic and programming and I am very good at solving problems. Moreover, I am interested in artificial intelligence and its various applications.