Full Stack Developer CV Sample (Full Text Version)
Brian Dudey
Address: N. Damen Avenue, 99999, Chicago
Email address: hello@kickresume.com
Phone number: 999-999-9999
Web: www.kickresume.com
Profile
Innovative optimized solution seeker. Excited to be at the deployment phase of my new career as a web developer. I am ambitious, adventurous, assiduous, animated, and an alliteration advocate.

Skills
Technical Skills
JavaScript
CSS
HTML
React
Redux
Mongo
Deployment
Additional Skills
Project Management
Recruitment
Business Development
Editing
Fundraising
Work experience
03/2014 - 02/2017, Event Manager, C3 Presents, Washington DC
Lead and execute all phases of event planning and production spanning committee recruitment, training, vendor relationships and on-site facilitation.
Brought new business to the organization through relentless networking and stewardship which helped the company win the bid for the State Department Summit on the Middle East and, the companies largest civic event to date, the United State of Women
Exercise fiscal control over budget creation, tracking and reporting. Collaborate with employees at all organizational levels to advance cohesive operations.
06/2011 - 01/2014, Community Relations Manager, Gay & Lesbian Elder Housing, Los Angeles
Arranging presentations and pitch deck.
Designing a PR plan and establishing important focus points.
Designing, creating and managing content across multiple communication platforms.
Building relationships with key media players.
Education
11/2018 - 06/2018, Engineering Immersion Program, Thinkful, Chicago, IL
Project-focused intensive program with emphasis on Mongo, Express, React, and JavaScript (MERN) technical stack.

Developed a full-stack web application, "RenewU", using React that allows users to explore various aspects of meditation. User's progress is stored on a backend created using Node and MongoDB.
Developed a language learning app, "Foodie Phonetics" using spaced repetition and a linked list data structure. React was used to create the front end components while Node and Mongo were used to create a backend that stores user data.
Developed a concierge app, "Pley", for individuals looking for curated suggestions when visiting a new place. React was used to develop the front end which includes real-time chat, drag and drop and variety of advanced features. The backend, built using Node, Express, and Mongo, takes advantage of well-developed RESTful API, Geospatial searching, and user authentication with JWT.
09/2001 - 09/2005, BA, English, University of California, Los Angles