DANIEL GAN
Front End Developer NEWYORK, 10005, USA 890-555-0401
PROFIL E
Innovative Front End Developer with 5 years experience building and maintaining responsive
websites in the recruiting industry. Proficient in HTML, CSS, JavaScript; plus modern libraries and
frameworks. Passionate about usability and possess working knowledge of Adobe Photoshop.
EMPLOYMEN T HI S TORY
Front End Developer at TEKsystems, New York
October 2016 – Present
TEKsystems is a leading IT staffing, IT talent management and IT services firm. As the Front End
Developer, my core activities include:
Creating new features, functionality and capabilities on the eCommerce sites using Java,
Ajax, SAS, and JSON.
Recommending solutions for a streamlined, user-friendly interface with the design team.
Performing bug fixes and code reviews. Technical debt reduced by 32% within first month.
Designing and implementing HTML email templates and newsletters for marketing
campaigns.
Consulting with 508 Compliance professionals during development of new websites to
ensure accessibility.
Ensuring proper documentation and reports in all stages of product life cycles.
Front End Developer at Infinity Consulting Solutions, New York
July 2013 – October 2015
Infinity Consulting Solutions is a staffing and recruiting agency. As the Front End Developer, my
core activities included:
Building stable and maintainable codebases using React.
Implementing a mobile-first approach to existing websites.
Collaborating with designers to ensure designs were efficient and technically sound.
Creating modular, responsive templates using modern CSS techniques and JavaScript
libraries.
Working directly with client stakeholders to develop technical solutions for business cases.
Assisting with the transition from a waterfall method to the more efficient Agile
methodology.
Leveraging responsive web frameworks to complete deliverables ahead of schedule.
Conducting A/B testing to identify bugs and UI improvements.
ED UCAT I ON
New York University
2010
Degree: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science
COURS E S
DE TA ILS
9 Wall St, New York, 10005, USA
890-555-0401
resume@example.com
DATE / PLACE OFBIRTH
1989/20/03
New York
NATIONALITY
USA
DRIVING LICENSE
Full
SK ILLS
HTML, CSS, JavaScript
React, Redux, Angular, JQuery
Adobe Photoshop
Clear communication
Highly organized
Innovative problem-solving
Attention to detail
Principles of UX and Usability, Interaction Design Foundation
May 2011 – June 2011