Entry Level Software Engineer Resume Sample You Can Copy and Use
 

Jodi A. Bolden
4673 Coleman Avenue

Fullerton, CA 93632

760-793-6887

JodiABolden@gmail.us

linkedin.com/jodiabolden

github.com/jodi404

 

Problem-solving junior software engineer with 1+ year of experience, and a track record of meaningful contributions in Java and C# to 6 large-scale commercial projects. Consistently and efficiently support a team of 12 senior engineers, mainly focusing on testing, bugs, vulnerabilities and updating. Looking to leverage gained experience in a more senior role with more demanding challenges at Freesoft.

 

Work Experience

 

Junior Software Engineer

Space Net, Fullerton

January 2020—Present

Collaborated with a team of 12 software and hardware engineers to optimize the design and ensure functionality.
Supported software testing at the operating system level and submitted 120+ reports on updates and bug fixes.
Contributed to development of 6 commercial software projects, using Java and C#.
Found 4 security vulnerabilities within the first five months of work.
Participated in project usability testing every 2 weeks.
 

Software Engineer Intern

Maxisoft, Fullerton

August 2018—December 2019

Assisted 15 senior software engineers for digital and data analytics.
Analyzed users’ needs and came up with design software solutions.
Provided support, enhancement and maintenance to new and existing projects. 
 

Education

 

BS in Computer Science (2019)

4.0 GPA

University of California, Los Angeles

Relevant Coursework: ASP.NET Core 3.1, ASP.NET MVC 3-5, C#, Visual Basic, F#, C++.

Achievements:

Dean’s List Student
2nd place in the Illinois Colleges Coding Olympics
 

Skills

 

Bug & Vulnerability Testing
Java, C#
Trello, JIRA
ASP.NET MVC 3-5
Data Log Analysis
Effective Communication
Teamwork
Problem-Solving
Attention to Detail
Multitasking
 

Languages

 

Hindi—fluent
Russian—intermediate
Polish—beginner