JavaScript Developer
"Web Developer (Javascript & RESTful web services)-20000PUU

Applicants are required to read, write, and speak the following languages: English

Preferred Qualifications

Come join Oracle and help us build the next generation of advanced services for the world's most popular database! We are hiring a team of talented and creative professionals to help us build out our monitoring, management, and provisioning tools for our customer's private database cloud environments. Our web application will utilize the latest technologies to provide a cutting edge, desktop-like user experience in the browser!

For this position, we are seeking a senior web developer to join our growing team in Reston, VA.

Responsibilities:
Write code in HTML, JavaScript, and CSS that meets the functional specifications
Expert with one or more modern javascript frameworks like KnockoutJs, BackboneJS, AngularJS or ReactJS
Collaborate with UI Designer to prototype the user experience during the design phase
Develop unit tests using JavaScript testing frameworks
Assist with build and deployment automation scripts
Design REST APIs
Troubleshoot and resolve performance issues in the web application
Qualifications:
Expert programmer in Javascript
Front-end web development experience with HTML5, JavaScript, and CSS3
Understanding of AJAX, object-oriented JavaScript, the DOM and JSON
Good knowledge of problems and solutions for cross browser compatibility
Experience with Javascript build tools such as Grunt or Gulp
Experience writing RESTful web services
Have spent time as part of an agile development team (preferably Scrum)
5+ years of industry experience
BS/MS in computer science or related field
Detailed Description and Job Requirements

Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc.

As a member of the software engineering division, you will take an active role in the definition and evolution of standard practices and procedures. You will be responsible for defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, designing and debugging of software applications or operating systems.

Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 7 years of software engineering or related experience.

Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.

Job: Product Development
Location: IN-IN,India-Bengaluru
Job Type: Regular Employee Hire
Organization: Oracle"
