JavaScript Developer
"Lead Consultant?밬I with React, Node and Javascript
Function: Operations
Bangalore, India
With a startup spirit and 90,000+ curious and courageous minds, we have the expertise to go deep with the world?셲 biggest brands?봞nd we have fun doing it. Now, we?셱e calling all you rule-breakers and risk-takers who see the world differently, and are bold enough to reinvent it. Come, transform with us.
Inviting applications for the role of Lead Consultant ??UI with React, Node and Javascript.
In this role, resource will be responsible to collaborate with design team, technology, and architecture teams. Responsible for the usage of technologies across the existing client products. Create reusable components, and perform integration testing, design and maintain coding standards to enhance user experience.
Responsibilities:
The Candidate should have:
Good technical experience with hands-on experience in UI activities with React, Node and Java. There should be Experience with React with Oriented Javascript/Typescript Development using new architectures and libraries.Relevant experience in React oriented design and development including highly flexible development life cycle.
Qualifications:
Minimum qualifications
B. Tech/MCA
Preferred qualifications:
The relevant candidate should have :
Technology degree Education and Technology certifications.
Multiple year, Software engineering experience in agile environments and DevOps culture.
Experience of working in Product and Platform thinking teams.
Digital marketing experiences a big plus
Core Technology Engineering teams in Consumer Engg.
Global Go To Market & Global Marketing, Growth, Channel Planners
Offshore Dev Teams, Campaign Delivery Experts, Process Design Developers, Enablement Pods Agencies & Partners: MultipleCan probe the customer and ask relevant questions to get the necessary clarifications on requirements and conveys the same to technical solution teams.
Extremely strong written and presentation / verbal communication skills with experience of customer interfacing roles.
In-depth requirement understanding skills with good analytical and problem solving ability, interpersonal efficiency, and positive demeanor. A very Good teammate with an experience of working in a multi-stakeholder environment.
Collaborate efficiently with multi-cultural, dispersed and multi-party teams & working within a matrix structure to harness capabilities of the team and build a winning proposal.
Genpact is and equal opportunity employer with best in the class remunerations and benefits like PF, Earned leaves, sick leaves etc. You will get a good work life balance along with on the job performing and learning. We also provide health insurance.
Genpact is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, military/veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, physical or mental disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws. Genpact is committed to creating a dynamic work environment that values diversity and inclusion, respect and integrity, customer focus, and innovation. For more information, visit www.genpact.com. Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube"
