Backend Developer
"Experience range - 2 - 5 Yrs experience
Salary Range - 15 - 25 Lakhs
Notice Period - Less than 30 days.
Tech Stack - Java, SpringBoot, Kafka, Elastic Search, MySql, AWS etc
GlowRoad has 2 days work from office on Monday and Friday. Hence, no remote work from home option.
About GlowRoad:
Glowroad is building India?셲 most profitable social e-commerce platform where resellers share the catalog of products through their network on Facebook, Whatsapp, Instagram, etc, and convert them to sales. Glowroad is on a mission to create micro-entrepreneurs (resellers) who can set up their web-store, market their products, and track all transactions through GlowRoad?셲 platform. Glowroad app has ~10M downloads and 1 lakhs DAU?셲.
Glowroad has been funded by Accel Partners and recently raised series B+ funding for a total of 24.5 million USD. We are scaling our operations across India.
Glowroad is looking for team members passionate about building platforms for next billion users and reimagine the e-commerce for mobile-first users
A fun, open, energetic, and creative environment. Approachable leadership, filled with passionate people, open communication, and provides high growth for employees.
What are we looking for:
Looking for team members passionate about building platforms for next billion users and re-imagine the e-commerce for mobile-first users. You will be building solutions for personalization, logistics, search & discovery, payments, fraud prevention, and scalability that works and solve problems elegantly.
As Back end developer, we expect you to be motivated in solving real-life complex problems and create compelling experiences for our Resellers. Being a small company we have a culture of creative problem solving, intellectual design, fast-paced development, and passionate product delivery. Enhance or build Restful web services for our mobile app.
Responsibilities:
Develop server-side components, REST APIs
Assume ownership for existing and new modules including design, development, and unit testing for enhancements of existing modules and development of new modules.
Analyse problems logically and exercise sound judgment in defining, evaluating, and solving difficult technical and operational problems where solutions may be of a precedent-establishing nature.
Lead the design and architectural improvements
Participate and collaborate with team members in design discussions, determines areas of complexity, potential risks to successful implementation, suggest enhancements to architecture, implement POCs, and enhance application.
Reduce technical debt with quality coding
Requirements:
A solid grounding in Computer Science fundamentals (based on a BS or MS in CS or related field) from IITs and Premier Engineering College.
Excellent Object Orientation, coupled with excellent problem solving and debugging skills.
Highly skilled at Java and related technologies, including Java Frameworks like Spring-boot or Drop wizard, RESTful web services, JSON, Servlet, JSP, MySQL, MongoDB, Kafka, AWS Solr.
Must have hands-on experience in building scalable and secure back end systems.
Have hands-on experience with systems that are asynchronous, RESTful and demand concurrency
Good to have knowledge of best software engineering practices for all stages of the software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, testing, deployment.
Experience level: 2-4 years of software development experience in Java with web architecture and scalable design
Application Deadline: 10/12/2020
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: ??,500,000.00 per year
Experience:
Programming: 5 years (Preferred)
work: 1 year (Preferred)
total work: 2 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work Remotely:
No
Speak with the employer
+91 6361596830"
