Flutter Developer
"3+ year of experience required.
Responsibilities:
Design and Build sophisticated and highly scalable apps using Flutter.
Build custom packages in Flutter using the functionalities and APIs already available in native Android and IOS.
Translate and Build the designs and Wireframes into hight quality reaponsive UI code.
Write efficient queries for core Data.
Use of Model-View-Controller ( MVC) and Model-View-ViewModel-Controller (MVVM) as it relates to designing, developing architecture and developing maintainable, testable and functional software that meets product requirements.
Explore feasible architectures for implementing new features.
Resolve any problems existing in the system and suggest and add new features in the complete system.
Suggest space and time efficient Data Structures.
Follow the best practices while developing the app and also keeping everything structured and well documented.
Use CI/CD for smooth deployment.
Document the project and code efficiently.
Manage the code and project on Git in order to keep in sync with other team members and managers.
Communicate with the Project Manager regarding status of projects and suggest appropriate deadlines for new functionalities.
Ensure security guidelines are always followed while developing the app.
Validate the cloud system to ensure any new changes do not compromise security of the backend server.
Suggest new features and/or enhancements.
Consulting with our customer facing representatives about software system design and maintenance.
Interact with the Clinical Specialists and Product Manager to help understand end-user feedback.
Maintaining software through product lifecycle including design, development, verification and bug fixes.
Connect regularly with the Quality Assurance Specialist to deliver stable app.
Resolve all the bugs reported by the Quality Assurance Specialist in a timely manner.
Perform time profiling and memory leaks assessment.
Execute app verification protocol.
Write tests for the App.
Following company policies and quality procedures to ensure quality product deliverables.
Requirements:
Must Have:
Flutter: To build cross platform mobile apps for Android, IOS and Web. This should include from making responsive UIs to efficiently query data and also mange states in an optimized mannner.
Native Android and IOS: To build custom Flutter Packages.
Firebase: Should have experience with Cloud Firestore, Push Notifications, Cloud Functions and Analytics.
Git: To manage and collaborate in different projects with the rest of the team.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: ??0,000.00 - ??0,000.00 per month
Schedule:
Morning shift
Experience:
software development: 1 year (Required)
work: 1 year (Required)
total work: 1 year (Required)
sql: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work Remotely:
No"
