Fusion Systems Software Developer Resume Example (Full Text Version)
Jeroen Frederik Meijer
Home Address: Achterstraat 999, 99999, Rotterdam, The Nederlands
Citizenship: The Netherlands
Date of Birth: 1996-14-04
Email Address: hello@kickresume.com
Mobile Phone: 999-999-9999
Summary
A motivated 19 year old guy with a great passion for technology and software development. Likes to work with Object-Oriented Programming languages, with a preference to C#. Can work well in teams and finds clear communication important.

Furthermore, likes to listen and produce music and loves Japan, it's culture and language.

Work Experience
2015 - present, Freelancer, Jeroen Meijer, Lekkerkerk
I've been spreading brochures around my town, advertising myself for fixing peoples computers, tablets, phones, etc. It's a great business; the people love getting helped on a personal level where they would be stuck otherwise, and it's a lot of fun teaching new ways of using technology.

(Vergelijkbaar met Student Aan Huis.)

02/2017 - present, Software Developer, TakeTheStairs, Rotterdam, Netherlands
I'm working as a Software Developer with two other students as the company TakeTheStairs. Together with catering firm Cesant, we're working on a new solution for people to get motivated to take the stairs instead of the elevator, and offer healthy food at a discount. I've written all the code for the testrun. We're using Raspberry Pis and all the code is written in Python. The units utilise MongoDB, an RFID scanner, an LED-display and a touch-screen.

Degrees
09/2015 - present, Computer Science, Rotterdam University of Applied Sciences, Rotterdam
2010 - 2015, HAVO, Gereformeerde Scholengemeenschap Randstad, Rotterdam, Nederland
HAVO degree with extra courses Music and IT.

Other Activites
10/2016 - present, Member Studentunion RSG, Rotterdamsch Studenten Gezelschap, 400 members, Rotterdam, Netherlands
Skills
Programming Languages
Python
C# (.NET)
Java (& Java Spark)
JavaScript
SQL
Project Management Methods
Scrum
Languages
Dutch
English
Japanese (日本語)
Other Skills
Microsoft Windows
macOS
Linux (Ubuntu, terminal)
Microsoft Office
Strengths
Motivated to work with new technology
Can think 'Out of the Box'
Love Japan and its culture
Adaptable
Adventurous
Computer Skills
Hobbies
Online video gaming
Go out and drink
DJ and Produce Music