PHP Developer

"Candidate should have minimum 2-3 year experience in the field of development for any business portal or E-commerce Websites on Core PHP and Framework(CodeIgnitor).
\* Intensive PHP skills and experience to handle this position.
\* Defines site objectives by analyzing user requirements; envisioning system features and functionality.
\* Designs and develops user interfaces to Internet/intranet applications by setting expectations and features priorities throughout development life cycle; determining design methodologies and tool sets; completing programming using languages and software products; designing and conducting tests.
\* Recommends system solutions by comparing advantages and disadvantages of custom development and purchase alternatives.
Responsibilities and Duties*
Need to handle team and lead the assigned projects.
Updating on daily basis project status and development.
Innovative inputs on portal and product development.
Need to work in coordination with other departments.
Assigning Projects to team members and getting it done within the given time frame.
Confirms project requirements by studying user requirements.
Flexible with work and time if work demands.
Need to responsibility of work/task/project assigned.
Maintains client confidence and protects operations by keeping information confidential.
Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
Required Experience and Qualifications*
Minimum 2 years of in-depth Experience in PHP, MYSQL, PHP Frame Work (CodeIgnitor).
Should have hand on experience on E - commerce Website Development.
Experience in integrating Payment Gateways, SMS Gateways, API Services & Ship-rocket Integration.
Minimum 2 years of in-depth experience in front-end technologies such as HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, J query, Ajax & Json.
Experience in Photoshop will add extra preference.
Experience in MVC Architecture (CodeIgnitor).

Job Types: Full-time, Contract, Walk-In

Salary: ??0,000.00 - ??5,000.00 per month

Experience:
PHP & CodeIgnitor: 2 years (Required)
API / Payment / SMS / Delievery Gateway Inetgration: 1 year (Required)
RestFul API Development: 1 year (Required)
Ecommerce Website Developement: 2 years (Required)
HTML/CSS/BOOTSTRAP/JQUERY: 2 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Programming Languages needed:
HTML (Required)
CSS (Required)
JavaScript (Required)
PHP (Required)
Work Remotely:
No"
